django-utils
============

Django-related utility programs.

By John Schofield (jms@schof.org)

http://schof.org

https://github.com/johnmarkschofield/django-utils



Program Documentation
---------------------

* setup_environment_for_django.bash: Run once per machine. (Although it should
  be idempotent.) Installs necessary packages, and issues instructions to you
  for a few modifications you'll need to make manually.

* start_django_project.bash: Starts a new django project. If you're using
  github, the workflow I recommend is:
    1. Create a new repository in GitHub, with a README.me file and an
       appropriate .gitignore file.
    2. Git clone that repo to the appropriate location on your local hard
       drive. ("Appropriate" simply meaning whereever you prefer to store git
       repositories.)
    3. Change directories to be inside that git repo.
    4. run start_django_project.bash PROJECTNAME

  We're using the layout described in the "Two Scoops of Django" book.
  (https://django.2scoops.org/). Here's the recommended naming convention:

  foobar_project (git repo root directory)
    foobar (Django project folder)
      foobar (Django app folder, for the main app for the Django project.)

* reconcile_python_packages_to_requirements_file.bash: Reads a requirements
  file generated by "pip freeze" and updates your current virtualenv to match
  the requirements file. Will upgrade or downgrade to match the requirements
  file.

  You must be in the same directory as manage.py, and have a virtualenv active
  when you run this command.

  Usage:
    reconcile_python_packages_to_requirements_file.bash [REQUIREMENTSFILE]

  If you do not specify a requirements file, the script will look in a list
  of standard places for it.


License and Copyright
---------------------

Copyright (c) 2013, John Mark Schofield
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
